com/example/demo/PostsApiController.java
 com.example.demo.PostsApiController
com/example/demo/domain/posts/Posts.java
 com.example.demo.domain.posts.Posts
 com.example.demo.domain.posts.Posts$PostsBuilder
com/example/demo/config/auth/CustomOAuth2UserService.java
 com.example.demo.config.auth.CustomOAuth2UserService
com/example/demo/domain/posts/PostsRepository.java
 com.example.demo.domain.posts.PostsRepository
com/example/demo/domain/BaseTimeEntity.java
 com.example.demo.domain.BaseTimeEntity
com/example/demo/web/dto/PostsResponseDto.java
 com.example.demo.web.dto.PostsResponseDto
com/example/demo/config/auth/SecurityConfig.java
 com.example.demo.config.auth.SecurityConfig
com/example/demo/domain/user/User.java
 com.example.demo.domain.user.User
 com.example.demo.domain.user.User$UserBuilder
com/example/demo/config/auth/dto/SessionUser.java
 com.example.demo.config.auth.dto.SessionUser
com/example/demo/config/auth/dto/OAuthAttributes.java
 com.example.demo.config.auth.dto.OAuthAttributes
 com.example.demo.config.auth.dto.OAuthAttributes$OAuthAttributesBuilder
com/example/demo/IndexController.java
 com.example.demo.IndexController
com/example/demo/domain/user/Role.java
 com.example.demo.domain.user.Role
com/example/demo/config/auth/LoginUser.java
 com.example.demo.config.auth.LoginUser
com/example/demo/web/dto/PostsSaveRequestDto.java
 com.example.demo.web.dto.PostsSaveRequestDto
 com.example.demo.web.dto.PostsSaveRequestDto$PostsSaveRequestDtoBuilder
com/example/demo/config/auth/LoginUserArgumentResolver.java
 com.example.demo.config.auth.LoginUserArgumentResolver
com/example/demo/web/dto/PostsListResponseDto.java
 com.example.demo.web.dto.PostsListResponseDto
com/example/demo/config/WebConfig.java
 com.example.demo.config.WebConfig
com/example/demo/domain/user/UserRepository.java
 com.example.demo.domain.user.UserRepository
com/example/demo/DemoApplication.java
 com.example.demo.DemoApplication
com/example/demo/web/dto/PostsUpdateRequestDto.java
 com.example.demo.web.dto.PostsUpdateRequestDto
 com.example.demo.web.dto.PostsUpdateRequestDto$PostsUpdateRequestDtoBuilder
com/example/demo/service/posts/PostsService.java
 com.example.demo.service.posts.PostsService
